1. It always take some time to upload the assignments through matrix and sometimes can be
annoying and despairing, however, is a way in which students as programmers can acquire good
practices, to apply further because it forces the programmer to give a desire input, what in
the professional field would be equivalent to satisfying a customer request, if customers 
want something, we must be in the capacity to develop what they are asking for, this tool 
face us as students to real daily situations at work. The use of matrix also is a good way 
in which is learned how a compiler works and how different compilers from different operative 
systems can differ one from another, in this case comparing a linux OS with a microsoft OS, 
there can be found that some compilers donâ€™t accept all libraries or libraries are different 
from one to another. Finally using the matrix to submit assignments is a second way in which 
the program created can be debugged as it takes the user step by step, but also, it shows 
exactly where the program has a mistake and which mistake has been done, in case it needs to 
be solved, as well matrix can be a many times a headache is a bad necessary to improve our 
skills as programmers.

2. Two name a module is necessary to have a clear image of what the project would be like and 
estimate the number of modules you will be creating this with the end of knowing how explicit
name of the module should be, for example if I am supposed to create a basic calculator then
I know it only would have four basic functions; in that case I would not give detailed names
to the modules, it should be something like, addition, subtraction, multiplication and 
division, but if I am requested to create the same calculator but with much more features then
names have to be more detailed and explicit like, basicOperationsAddition, 
basicOperationsSubtraction and so on. even though it depends on the complexity of the project
is always a good practice to anticipate to the worst scenario, so is always better to start
giving very detailed names to the modules since the beginning of the project, so you are ready
for any addition in the future. Headers and modules should have the same name, for different
reasons one is a save of names, what I mean is that you would not get full of many different
names for headers and modules, you are just using one, so the number of names used is reduced 
by half and second in case some function in a module stops working you are going to be shown
the header instead of the module, in that case if you have the same name for both then the
name of the module where the error should be corrected is already giving instead of looking 
around for it.

3. A menu cascade form means that the program is created in a way the user is able to select
different options displayed for them, the way in which the options are shown has to be always
in form of list, this means one option per row, options can be listed using dots or numbers,
usually if using dots, the interface should be interactive so the user can select the option,
rather than using command prompt it has to be a numbered list there is no other option, as
user would be asked to enter one of the numbers that correspond to the selected option. For 
under this assignment where the option to update the user login information for this event a 
cascade menu was used to ask the user what item of the user login he wan to change, either the
name, the password or just exit that menu, this way of using functions in a program is very
handy as it helps the programmer to code each option in a different function and just put all
the option under an if selection or a switch selection, which is also easier to take the user
through the program.
